cuda.core v1.0.0 release prep: support policy, release notes, doc cleanup (#2032)
NVIDIA/cuda-python: cuda_core/docs/source/install.rst

Free-threading Build Support
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> As of cuda-core 1.0.0, **experimental** packages for the `free-threaded interpreter`_ are shipped.

Reviewer: Is this change intended? I don't believe we should be updating the version from 0.4 -> 1.0 here.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting ``cuda-core`` 0.4.0, **experimental** packages for the `free-threaded interpreter`_ are shipped.
```

Author: I think the fact that we said "as of" got the bot confused. One take could be that this should reflect the most recent status. This should clarify it a bit.
